Do you know why I can become a queen?
What is that? That year, the Nine-Nation Allied Forces invaded our border.
I just happened to be participating in the championships, and I met a virtual enemy on the battlefield and fought hard.
Until now, everything I have done is for the country, for you, and for justice.
What do you think? Would I be a prisoner to a disabled compatriot?
They are in-laws. I want to hear who likes Ruoxue.
You caught me, Ruoxue,
I won’t give you a ride at your house!
Ruoxuan, if I catch your father
Will you still marry Xiaojun? Yes, yes
Ruoxuan, what do you think?
You really want your father's life
Then you teach people
when i was in our house
Already dead in my heart
Then this guy is confused
Confused
Don't watch it. Don't teach others.
Ruoxuan, save Xiaojun for dad or else
Dad saved his life
Dad saved Fa Yi's life
Just do whatever you want
Don't worry about me
My relationship with Xiaojun
won't be affected by anything
Ruoxue, can you be like this? Top ten weight friendships
I really appreciate it
That being the case
Also, reader Xiaoju will provide you with Zhiji today.
I'll give you a point just the day after tomorrow